HAITI(1) -- HAsh IdenTifIer
=============================================

## SYNOPSIS

`haiti` [options] <hash>

`haiti` samples (<ref> | <name>)

`haiti` [options] list

`haiti` --ascii-art

`haiti` -h | --help

`haiti` --version

## DESCRIPTION

**HAITI** is a CLI tool and library for identifying hash types (hash type identifier).

## OPTIONS

* `--no-color`:

  Disable colorized output (NO_COLOR environment variable is respected too).

* `-e, --extended`:

  List all possible hash algorithms, including ones using salt.

* `--short`:

  Display in a short format: do not display hashcat and john the ripper references.

* `--hashcat-only`:

  Show only hashcat references.

* `--john-only`:

  Show only john the ripper references.

* `--ascii-art`:

  Display the logo in colored ascii-art.

* `--debug`:

  Display arguments.

* `-h, --help`:

  Show this screen.

* `--version`:

  Show version.

## COMMANDS

* **samples**:

  Display hash samples for the given type.

* **list**:

  Display a list of all the available hash types.

## PARAMETERS

* `<hash>`:

  Hash string to identify, read from STDIN if equal to "-".

* `<ref>`:

  Hashcat or John the Ripper reference.

* `<name>`:

  Hash type name.

## EXAMPLES

`haiti` -e d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e

`haiti` --no-color --short d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e

b2sum /etc/os-release | awk '{print $1}' | `haiti` -

`haiti` samples crc32

## AUTHOR

Made by Alexandre ZANNI (@noraj).

Forked from Orange-Cyberdefense/haiti (https://github.com/Orange-Cyberdefense/haiti).

## COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2019-2022 Alexandre ZANNI (independent)

Copyright © 2019-2020 Alexandre ZANNI at Orange Cyberdefense

This software is distributed under the terms of the MIT License. You may freely
redistribute copies of it, subject to the conditions of the license.

## VERSION

1.5.0

## REPORTING BUGS

Report bugs to https://github.com/noraj/haiti/issues.

## SEE ALSO

Project homepage and documentation: https://noraj.github.io/haiti

Source code: https://github.com/noraj/haiti
